[Outlook] Refresh articles (#5756)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/quickstarts/outlook-quickstart-yo.md

---
title: Build your first Outlook add-in
description: Learn how to build an Outlook task pane add-in that reads message properties using the Office JS API.
ms.date: 05/06/2026
ms.service: outlook
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.custom: required-for-compliance # Indicates that this page is linked to in a legal document.
---

# Build your first Outlook add-in

> Build a task pane add-in for Outlook that reads the subject from a selected message. This quickstart uses the Yeoman generator for Office Add-ins (Yo Office) to scaffold the project, so you can focus on writing Office JavaScript API code right away.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build a task pane add-in for Outlook that reads the subject from a selected message. This quick start uses the Yeoman generator for Office Add-ins (Yo Office) to scaffold the project, so you can focus on writing Office JavaScript API code right away.
```
